boys boys settle down settle down listen
up your father and I are going to the
store to buy lubricant Charles and amyl
nitrate you see boys your mother and I
have gotten to that point that a lot of
married couples reach where we begin to
grow tired of the mundane and the
routine at this point a lot of couples
tend to have extramarital affairs oh hey
hey let me finish so in order to avoid
the pitfalls that beset so many couples
your mother and I have decided to spice
up the proverbial sack hey hold on so
instead of cheating on your mother with
another woman I've decided to cheat on
her vagina with her butthole hey now
that's called being a good dad okay
everybody's happy
I'm definitely happy your mother's not
being cheated on and you kids are happy
that you have such a happy pop and the
family's all together dad go to the
store okay we're going we're going the
other perk is I get to bust in there oh
okay now boys we don't want any
incidents like last time all right so we
want all of you to be good we will mom
be safe kids Oh Trevor you killed him
yeah killed him with the no no he's
really dead man look oh man he's getting
blood everywhere oh you're gonna get in
so much trouble you're gonna get in
trouble too we were both playing with
the nail gun it doesn't sound right when
you say it that way we were both playing
with that no what are we gonna do
there's got to be some way we can bring
it back to life top shelf dude chapter
Jumanji I've seen horrible things I've
been to the lake of fire a second here
is of millennion hades hey will calm
down man you're okay now my dick split
open and Lucas flew out oh oh
badger raped me with Authority cock huh
you had anal gay it was so gay you have
no idea how gay it was well Sam you're
alright now
yeah be quiet mom and dad are gonna be
home any minute I drowned in water
sample I'd gouge my eyes out to stop
seeing the whores but they only threw
bad out of my way I've got to marriage
the same every step I took I stubbed my
toe they only gave me thumbtacks to eat
that sounds pretty shitty Sam my dick
split open and monkeys flew out yeah you
already told us that well happy to wat
well boys am i glowing boys for the rest
of the day do not smell this finger the
worst part is is since I've been to the
world they can control my body hey hey
what's wrong with Sammy nothing
my soul is merged with all that is not
no that will die hey that sounds like
he'll speak what have you boys been up
to in here ah mercy for a play yeah
we're just running lines
you were running lines you didn't
accidentally kill Sam with the nail gun
and have to bring him back from the
depths of hell no hey that's Latin honey
bring me the holy water okay now you two
I am very upset that you went ahead and
killed your brother with a nail gun
after we specifically told you to be
careful however I am pleased to see that
you are smart enough to use the
Necronomicon in a pinch now both of you
go up to your room you're grounded for
two months but dad's a cop I'll stock
your hops now get out of here hold on
Sam we need to have a little chat but I
wasn't playing with the nail gun I'm not
talking about the nail gun
Sam when most people die they go to
purgatory why is it that you went
straight to hell Oh Sam you have no idea
why that might be
it's pornos that's what I thought
bring them to your mother and I well
dear we've had a pretty eventful day we
had a nice talk with Zach and Trevor got
ahold of Sam's pornography stash and I
finally got to wriggle inside that sweet
sweet poop shoot of yours
yes you did yeah I did you should go
check out the toilet I just shit it out
Oh
frosted turn